So we're going to this last little bit and
scale.
And so just like with translate,
scale will also affect
the whole coordinate system.
And so if you scale, one thing that we
might expect is for this to get bigger.
But actually,
the other thing is that the x and
y positions will now be different also,
because now maybe you can see but
if we scale it by 2 in our unscaled
coordinate system 200 is here but in our
scaled coordinate system 200 is here.
So even if we're placing the squares,
we're setting those same x and
y on the squares.
They will be positioned
at different places.
You might have noticed that in
our exercise in this kind of
rendering function,
in the transform change the translate and
the scale to be able to get this
effect positioning and then sizing.
But it's extremely important
the order in which we do this
because depending on the order,
the coordinate system
will be different and
thus like our flower petal and
in this case the square will
end up at different places.
So for example, and I have these two,
the blue one has a translate first and
the purple one has a scale second.
And if we kinda take a look at scale and
then let's say we translate by,
so even the translate by,
you can see is kind
of the coordinate system is being shifted
over almost like a different rate.
And especially if you position now,
if you position the the x
and y it's going to be at
completely different places.
And so that's just because,
for example, for
the second one, we're first scaling up.
What's happening is that we're first
scaling up our coordinate system.
And so
the translation is going to be within that
kind of scaled up coordinate system,
and that's why
it's going to be different from if
we had done it the other way around.
So, what I usually do and
what I usually just keep in mind,
because I've also had many bugs
due to this kind of like ordering,
is I always just default
to translating first.
Translate first, then scale.